What are the advantages of Bootstrap? 

Bootstrap is easy to use. It is a way faster annd simplier way to develop websites. It is highly useful to create responsive web pages.
Further, it is supported by different browser. It is easily customizable since it provides the built-in components and functionalities can 
be used to customize the webpage. 

What is a Bootstrap Container, and how does it work? 
 Boostrap container are used to pad the content inside of them. The use of bootstrap container is to fixed a width container. 

What are the default Bootstrap text settings? 

Bootstrap uses a default font-size 16px and line height:1.5. The default font-family is "Helvetica Neue",Helvetica,sans-serif. 

What do you know about the Bootstrap Grid System? 
Grid system is built with flexbox and allows up to 12 columns across the page. these 12 columns can be manipulated accordingly. It can be grouped to get create a wider columns.The grid system is responsive and columns will arrange automatically according to the screen size.The sums must add up to 12 or fewer column. 

What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5?

There are many differences. Here are few: Bootstrap 4 was released in january 2018 and has significantly advance features over previous versions. Similarly,Bootstrap 5 has added new features over previous version. Grid system in Boostrap 4 has only 5 levels and 6 levels in bootstrap 5. Jquery plugins are included in Bootstrap 4 and in Boostrap 5 jquery is replaced with vanilla plug ins.

What is a Button Group, and what is the class for a basic Button Group? 

Button Groups allows multiple buttons to be stacked together on a single line. .btn-group is the class for a basic Button group. 

How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails? 

we can add an <a> tag with the class of .thumbnail around an image.
This adds four pixels of padding and a gray border.
On hover, an animated glow outlines the image.

In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox? 

Bootstrap 4 uses flexbox,instead of floats, to handle the layout. The flexible responsive layouts structure without using float.

How can one create an alert in Bootstrap?

Bootstrap gives easy ways to create predefined alert messages. Alerts are created with .alert class 

What is a bootstrap card and how would you create one? 

Bootstrap's card gives a flexible and extensible content container with multiple variants and options such as background colors and powerful display.

